Solutions:

--- enhanced_diffusion.py ---

E1. To determine the bulk diffusive properties of a single particle that
    does not experience long-ranged interactions, one requires a box that
    is at least larger than the short range interactions. In this case there
    are no interactions, so the box is still quite big.
E2. See solution script
E3. See solution script

--- rectification_geometry.py ---

E1. See solution script
E2. The 'clip' feature of paraview is particularly suited to the task.

--- rectification_simulation.py ---

E1. The Langevin thermostat has a limited range of stablitity, the choices
    for the friction, time step, and temperature respect this range.
E2. See solution script
E3. See solution script
E4. See solution script
E5. Rectification should be detectable when vel = 0.0 and vel = 5.0 are
    compared. The time it takes to evaluate the script is rather long,
    about 20 minutes. It is suggested that the student does one of the 
    other excercises in the mean time. Visualization can be accomplished
    using paraview. This can also be combined with the visualization you 
    have of the boundaries from the rectification_geometry.py script.

--- flow_field.py ---

E1. See solution script
E2. See solution script
E3. See solution script (needlessly convoluted)
E4. The coupling point inherits an effective hydrodynamic size from
    being interpolated on the lattice, roughly 0.5 (agrid = 1) for this
    choice of friction coefficient. The mass and rotational interia do
    not affect the result significantly, but can influence the stability
    of the simulation. The force needs to be low, in order for the LB
    algorithm to remain stable for these parameter choices.
E5. The fluid coupling point needs to be away from the particle, otherwise
    the force on the fluid couples directly back onto the particle and
    this causes the speed to be negligible. A choice of around 1 agrid is 
    recommended.
E6. Three point coupling stencil for the interpolation of the particle and
    forces onto the fluid. This prevents the particle from experiencing
    too significant lattice artifacts.
    No, the particle cannot rotate in the current setup, because the
    temperature is set to zero and rotational_friction is not set for
    the particle.
E7. The flow lines are dipolar, because the swimmer is force free. The fact
    that they are closed is due to the periodicity of the system. Flow-lines
    are best visualized using paraview.
